com/wireguard/config/BadConfigException.java
 com.wireguard.config.BadConfigException
 com.wireguard.config.BadConfigException$Location
 com.wireguard.config.BadConfigException$Reason
 com.wireguard.config.BadConfigException$Section
com/wireguard/config/InetEndpoint.java
 com.wireguard.config.InetEndpoint
com/wireguard/util/NonNullForAll.java
 com.wireguard.util.NonNullForAll
com/wireguard/android/util/ModuleLoader.java
 com.wireguard.android.util.ModuleLoader
 com.wireguard.android.util.ModuleLoader$1
 com.wireguard.android.util.ModuleLoader$Sha256Digest
com/wireguard/config/ParseException.java
 com.wireguard.config.ParseException
com/wireguard/android/util/SharedLibraryLoader.java
 com.wireguard.android.util.SharedLibraryLoader
com/wireguard/config/Peer.java
 com.wireguard.config.Peer
 com.wireguard.config.Peer$1
 com.wireguard.config.Peer$Builder
com/wireguard/config/Config.java
 com.wireguard.config.Config
 com.wireguard.config.Config$1
 com.wireguard.config.Config$Builder
com/wireguard/crypto/Ed25519.java
 com.wireguard.crypto.Ed25519
 com.wireguard.crypto.Ed25519$1
 com.wireguard.crypto.Ed25519$CachedXYT
 com.wireguard.crypto.Ed25519$CachedXYZT
 com.wireguard.crypto.Ed25519$Field25519
 com.wireguard.crypto.Ed25519$PartialXYZT
 com.wireguard.crypto.Ed25519$Point
 com.wireguard.crypto.Ed25519$XYZ
 com.wireguard.crypto.Ed25519$XYZT
com/wireguard/config/Attribute.java
 com.wireguard.config.Attribute
com/wireguard/android/util/ToolsInstaller.java
 com.wireguard.android.util.ToolsInstaller
com/wireguard/config/Interface.java
 com.wireguard.config.Interface
 com.wireguard.config.Interface$1
 com.wireguard.config.Interface$Builder
com/wireguard/android/backend/Tunnel.java
 com.wireguard.android.backend.Tunnel
 com.wireguard.android.backend.Tunnel$State
com/wireguard/crypto/Curve25519.java
 com.wireguard.crypto.Curve25519
com/wireguard/android/util/RootShell.java
 com.wireguard.android.util.RootShell
 com.wireguard.android.util.RootShell$RootShellException
 com.wireguard.android.util.RootShell$RootShellException$Reason
com/wireguard/android/backend/GoBackend.java
 com.wireguard.android.backend.GoBackend
 com.wireguard.android.backend.GoBackend$1
 com.wireguard.android.backend.GoBackend$AlwaysOnCallback
 com.wireguard.android.backend.GoBackend$GhettoCompletableFuture
 com.wireguard.android.backend.GoBackend$VpnService
com/wireguard/config/InetNetwork.java
 com.wireguard.config.InetNetwork
com/wireguard/android/backend/WgQuickBackend.java
 com.wireguard.android.backend.WgQuickBackend
com/wireguard/crypto/KeyFormatException.java
 com.wireguard.crypto.KeyFormatException
 com.wireguard.crypto.KeyFormatException$Type
com/wireguard/android/backend/BackendException.java
 com.wireguard.android.backend.BackendException
 com.wireguard.android.backend.BackendException$Reason
com/wireguard/android/backend/Statistics.java
 com.wireguard.android.backend.Statistics
com/wireguard/crypto/KeyPair.java
 com.wireguard.crypto.KeyPair
com/wireguard/crypto/Key.java
 com.wireguard.crypto.Key
 com.wireguard.crypto.Key$Format
com/wireguard/config/InetAddresses.java
 com.wireguard.config.InetAddresses
com/wireguard/android/backend/Backend.java
 com.wireguard.android.backend.Backend
