com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl$1
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl$2
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl$3
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl$4
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl$5
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl$6
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl$OnClickListenerImpl
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl$OnClickListenerImpl1
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl$OnClickListenerImpl2
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBindingImpl$OnFocusChangeListenerImpl
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TvActivityBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TvActivityBindingImpl
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelEditorFragmentBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorFragmentBinding
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TvTunnelListItemBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TvTunnelListItemBindingImpl
com/wireguard/android/databinding/AppListItemBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.AppListItemBinding
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelDetailFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelDetailFragmentBindingImpl
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelDetailFragmentBindingImpl$OnBeforeCheckedChangeListenerImpl
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelDetailFragmentBindingImpl$OnClickListenerImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelListFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelListFragmentBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelDetailPeerBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelDetailPeerBinding
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelListItemBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelListItemBindingImpl
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelListItemBindingImpl$OnBeforeCheckedChangeListenerImpl
com/wireguard/android/databinding/AppListItemBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.AppListItemBindingImpl
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.AppListItemBindingImpl$1
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TvTunnelListItemBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TvTunnelListItemBinding
com/wireguard/android/databinding/LogViewerEntryBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.LogViewerEntryBinding
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelDetailPeerBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelDetailPeerBindingImpl
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelDetailPeerBindingImpl$OnClickListenerImpl
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelDetailFragmentBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelDetailFragmentBinding
com/wireguard/android/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.wireguard.android.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TvFileListItemBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TvFileListItemBinding
com/wireguard/android/BR.java
 com.wireguard.android.BR
com/wireguard/android/databinding/LogViewerActivityBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.LogViewerActivityBinding
com/wireguard/android/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.wireguard.android.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.wireguard.android.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelEditorPeerBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorPeerBinding
com/wireguard/android/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.wireguard.android.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.wireguard.android.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/wireguard/android/databinding/ConfigNamingDialogFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.ConfigNamingDialogFragmentBindingImpl
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelListItemBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelListItemBinding
com/wireguard/android/BuildConfig.java
 com.wireguard.android.BuildConfig
com/wireguard/android/databinding/ConfigNamingDialogFragmentBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.ConfigNamingDialogFragmentBinding
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelEditorPeerBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorPeerBindingImpl
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorPeerBindingImpl$1
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorPeerBindingImpl$2
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorPeerBindingImpl$3
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorPeerBindingImpl$4
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorPeerBindingImpl$5
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorPeerBindingImpl$6
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorPeerBindingImpl$OnClickListenerImpl
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelEditorPeerBindingImpl$OnFocusChangeListenerImpl
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TunnelListFragmentBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TunnelListFragmentBinding
com/wireguard/android/databinding/MainActivityBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.MainActivityBinding
com/wireguard/android/databinding/AppListDialogFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.AppListDialogFragmentBindingImpl
com/wireguard/android/databinding/AppListDialogFragmentBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.AppListDialogFragmentBinding
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TvActivityBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TvActivityBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/wireguard/android/databinding/TvFileListItemBindingImpl.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.TvFileListItemBindingImpl
com/wireguard/android/databinding/AddTunnelsBottomSheetBinding.java
 com.wireguard.android.databinding.AddTunnelsBottomSheetBinding
